Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2018 South Korean superhero film called
'Psychokinesis'.
This is director Yeon Sang-ho's second live-action
film, following his live-action debut Train
to Busan in 2016.
It is the first South Korean superhero film,
and it focuses on a bank security guard who
gets telekinetic superpowers after drinking
water from a meteor-affected mountain spring,
and chooses to use them to save his estranged
daughter and her neighbourhood from an evil
construction firm.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
Shin Roo-mi owns and operates a popular fried
chicken restaurant in Seoul.
Tae-san, a mob-run construction business,
engages her in a real estate dispute.
Her tiny store will be demolished, and a huge
retail area for Chinese visitors will be built
in its place.
Roo-mother mi's is slain in a violent confrontation
one night when she is being forced evicted
from her business by hired thugs.
The death of Roo-mother mi's is interwoven
with images of a falling meteor later in the
hospital.
Seok-heon, an apparently carefree security
guard who participates in petty thievery,
develops telekinetic powers after drinking
water from a meteor-hit mountain spring.
Roo-mi approaches her estranged father, Seok-heon,
to notify him about his ex-death wife's and
following burial.
He observes a fight between Roo-mi and President
Min, who oversees Tae-activities.
san's Min tries to make up for Roo-loss, mi's
but she vehemently refuses and insists that
he leave the premises.
Seok-heon learns more about the turf battle
from Kim Jung-hyun, a young attorney who represents
Roo-mi and the other local business owners'
legal interests.
Seok-heon attempts to re-establish contact
with Roo-mi, but she is still traumatised
by his abandoning of her as a kid.
Roo-mi criticises Seok-heon of being an irresponsible
father when he subsequently attempts to display
his newfound skill.
The store owners have joined Roo-mi in a joint
legal action against Tae-san after being denied
compensation for the loss of their companies.
Tae-goons san's come and begin attacking them
as they are barricaded in a retail arcade.
Seok-heon appears and utilises his abilities
to beat off the attackers, leaving everyone
in awe.
When Min attempts to report the incidents
to the police, the officer on duty does not
believe him, much to the amusement and joy
of the store owners.
Seok-heon then employs his telekinesis to
construct a huge wall around the market area,
therefore safeguarding the local merchants.
Meanwhile, Min meets with Director Hong, Tae-owner
san's who is aware of Seok-abilities.
heon's She instructs Min to form a new firm
under a different name and draught a new contract
in order to legally demolish the local businesses.
She utilises her contacts to get police assistance
and creates a distraction by having Seok-heon
detained on bogus charges.
Min and his goons instruct the riot police
to demolish the barrier and arrest the store
owners after removing Seok-heon from the situation.
With the cops on their tail, Roo-mi and the
business owners run to a nearby building.
Seok-heon escapes his detention cell after
watching the incident on the news and summons
the power to fly.
He gets on the scene just as the store owners
reach the rooftop of another building and
the SWAT squad arrives via a crane-mounted
temporary structure.
They kidnap Roo-mi and pull her into the hanging
structure.
Unfortunately, the crane fails and Roo-mi
is thrown out.
Seok-heon swoops in and saves her before handing
her over to the fugitive store owners.
He approaches Min, who is present with the
riot police, and punches him unconscious before
surrendering to the cops.
Seok-heon is freed from jail four years later
and is picked up by Jung-hyun, who announces
his engagement to Roo-mi.
They go to the site of Roo-restaurant, mi's
which is now an empty and vacant plot; Jung-hyun
explains that Tae-proposal san's was eventually
unsuccessful, and building has been postponed.
They arrive at Roo-new mi's restaurant, where
Seok-heon sees his daughter and the neighbourhood
business owners.
To everyone's pleasure, he then utilises his
skills to serve beverages to the clients.
The name of Roo-new mi's restaurant, 'Superpower
Chicken,' is then revealed.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.